README.md, before:

`/index.html`
## Functionality (text)
- click anywhere on page to activate cursor and begin typing 
- extended keyboard + and - buttons globally increase font size (while cursor is active)

`/draw.html`
## Functionality (draw)
- default/onload straight lines (mousedown)

- 'f' freehand (mousehover) press/TOGGLE (on/off) 
- 's' shading (mousehover)press/TOGGLE (on/off) 
- 'h' hourglass (mousehover) press/TOGGLE (on/off) 
- 'd' dotty (mousehover) press/TOGGLE (on/off) 
- 'a' fan (mousedown) press/TOGGLE (on/off)

- 'w' change strokeColor to white
- 'r' change strokeColor to red
- '+' and '-' to change StrokeWidth

#todo
- configure 'b' blue/black fontColor toggle 
- draw diagonal straight line


`/image.html`
## Functionality (image)
- press/toggle 'q' toggle drawing on/off (default no image loaded)
- press/toggle 'w' change image
- press/toggle 'a' change image
- press/toggle 's' change image
- press/toggle 'z' change image
- press/toggle 'x' change image
- single image draw = press image key (above) then press q twice to toggle drawing on/off (not repeat).

`/screenshot.html`
## Functionality (screenshot)
- mouse click any image on page to capture screenshot (auto generates link to download file)




```
line(lineStartX, lineStartX, pmouseX, lineStartY);
line(lineStartX, lineStartX, pmouseX, pmouseY);
line(lineStartX, lineStartX, mouseX, mouseY);
```

Commit message:

configure tooltip box bg with current tool color

README.md, after:

`/index.html`
## Functionality (text)
- click anywhere on page to activate cursor and begin typing 
- extended keyboard + and - buttons globally increase font size (while cursor is active)

`/draw.html`
## Functionality (draw)
- default/onload straight lines (mousedown)

- 'f' freehand (mousehover) press/TOGGLE (on/off) 
- 's' shading (mousehover)press/TOGGLE (on/off) 
- 'h' hourglass (mousehover) press/TOGGLE (on/off) 
- 'd' dotty (mousehover) press/TOGGLE (on/off) 
- 'a' fan (mousedown) press/TOGGLE (on/off)

- toggle any colour to return to default blue
- 'w' change strokeColor to white
- 'r' change strokeColor to red
- 'b' change strokeColor to black
- '+' and '-' to change StrokeWidth

#todo
- draw diagonal straight line


`/image.html`
## Functionality (image)
- press/toggle 'q' toggle drawing on/off (default no image loaded)
- press/toggle 'w' change image
- press/toggle 'a' change image
- press/toggle 's' change image
- press/toggle 'z' change image
- press/toggle 'x' change image
- single image draw = press image key (above) then press q twice to toggle drawing on/off (not repeat).

`/screenshot.html`
## Functionality (screenshot)
- mouse click any image on page to capture screenshot (auto generates link to download file)




```
line(lineStartX, lineStartX, pmouseX, lineStartY);
line(lineStartX, lineStartX, pmouseX, pmouseY);
line(lineStartX, lineStartX, mouseX, mouseY);
```
